# HAI3 Adopters Meeting - Live Notes Template

**Date:** _______________
**Time:** _______________
**Facilitator:** _______________
**Note-taker:** _______________

**Attendees:**
-
-
-
-
-

---

## TOPIC 1: Architecture & Packages (5 min + 2 min discussion)

**Presenter:** _______________

### What is it?
-

### Why we use it?
-

### What works well ‚úÖ
1.
2.
3.

### What doesn't work ‚ùå
1.
2.
3.

### Key Quotes:
>

### Discussion (2 min):
**Q: Frontend/Backend separation clear?**
-

**Q: Most confusing aspect?**
-

**Action items:**
- [ ]
- [ ]

---

## TOPIC 2: Screen Development Workflow (5 min + 2 min discussion)

**Presenter:** _______________

### What is it?
-

### Why we use it?
-

### What works well ‚úÖ
1.
2.
3.

### What doesn't work ‚ùå
1.
2.
3.

### Key Quotes:
>

### Discussion (2 min):
**Q: AI workflow practical?**
-

**Q: Biggest workflow blocker?**
-

**Action items:**
- [ ]
- [ ]

---

## TOPIC 3: Developer Experience & Tooling (5 min + 2 min discussion)

**Presenter:** _______________

### What is it?
-

### Why we use it?
-

### What works well ‚úÖ
1.
2.
3.

### What doesn't work ‚ùå
1.
2.
3.

### Key Quotes:
>

### Discussion (2 min):
**Q: CLI most useful feature?**
-

**Q: What should be automated?**
-

**Action items:**
- [ ]
- [ ]

---

## TOPIC 4: Event-Driven Architecture (5 min + 2 min discussion)

**Presenter:** _______________

### What is it?
-

### Why we use it?
-

### What works well ‚úÖ
1.
2.
3.

### What doesn't work ‚ùå
1.
2.
3.

### Key Quotes:
>

### Discussion (2 min):
**Q: EventBus vs Redux clear?**
-

**Q: Cross-screenset communication working?**
-

**Action items:**
- [ ]
- [ ]

---

## TOPIC 5: Styling & Components (5 min + 2 min discussion)

**Presenter:** _______________

### What is it?
-

### Why we use it?
-

### What works well ‚úÖ
1.
2.
3.

### What doesn't work ‚ùå
1.
2.
3.

### Key Quotes:
>

### Discussion (2 min):
**Q: Missing components?**
-

**Q: Theme system working?**
-

**Action items:**
- [ ]
- [ ]

---

## FINAL DISCUSSION: Frontend/Backend Separation (3 min)

### Frontend Concerns (HAI3 focuses here)
What HAI3 handles well:
-
-
-

What needs improvement:
-
-
-

### Backend Integration Points
Where frontend meets backend:
- **API contracts:**
- **Authentication:**
- **State sync:**
- **Real-time updates:**

### Clarity on Responsibilities

**Frontend (HAI3) owns:**
- [ ] UI components and layout
- [ ] Client-side state management
- [ ] Event-driven UI updates
- [ ] Screen workflows and navigation
- [ ] Theme and styling
- [ ] i18n and localization

**Backend owns:**
- [ ] Business logic and validation
- [ ] Data persistence
- [ ] Authentication/authorization
- [ ] API endpoints
- [ ] Real-time event streaming (SSE)

**Gray areas / Needs discussion:**
-
-
-

### Key Questions

**Q1: Is the API layer abstraction clear?**
-

**Q2: Are mock APIs sufficient for frontend development?**
-

**Q3: Where do developers get confused about boundaries?**
-

**Action items:**
- [ ]
- [ ]

---

## THEMES & PATTERNS

### Common Feedback Across Topics
1.
2.
3.

### Recurring Pain Points
1.
2.
3.

### Recurring Praise
1.
2.
3.

---

## TOP 3 BLOCKERS (Vote)

**Show of hands - which are most critical?**

| Blocker | Votes | Priority |
|---------|-------|----------|
| 1.      |       |          |
| 2.      |       |          |
| 3.      |       |          |
| 4.      |       |          |
| 5.      |       |          |

**Selected Top 3:**
1. ‚≠ê _________________________________ (P0)
2. ‚≠ê _________________________________ (P0)
3. ‚≠ê _________________________________ (P0)

---

## QUICK WINS (Deliverable in 1-2 weeks)

**Vote on feasibility:**

| Quick Win | Votes | Effort | Owner |
|-----------|-------|--------|-------|
| 1.        |       |        |       |
| 2.        |       |        |       |
| 3.        |       |        |       |

**Committed Quick Wins:**
1. ‚úÖ _________________________________ Owner: ___________
2. ‚úÖ _________________________________ Owner: ___________
3. ‚úÖ _________________________________ Owner: ___________

---

## ROADMAP ADJUSTMENTS

### Features to Prioritize Higher
From V#2-V#10, which should move up?
-
-
-

### Features to Deprioritize
What can wait?
-
-
-

### New Features Requested
Not currently on roadmap:
-
-
-

---

## DOCUMENTATION NEEDS

### Critical Missing Docs (P0)
1.
2.
3.

### Nice-to-Have Docs (P1)
1.
2.
3.

### Example/Tutorial Requests
1.
2.
3.

---

## PARKING LOT

**Topics requiring deeper discussion later:**

1. **Topic:** ________________________________
   - **Why:**
   - **Who needs to be involved:**
   - **Follow-up action:**

2. **Topic:** ________________________________
   - **Why:**
   - **Who needs to be involved:**
   - **Follow-up action:**

3. **Topic:** ________________________________
   - **Why:**
   - **Who needs to be involved:**
   - **Follow-up action:**

---

## ACTION ITEMS SUMMARY

### Immediate (This Week)
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________

### Short-term (Next 2 Weeks)
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________

### Medium-term (Next Month)
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________
- [ ] ______________________________ Owner: ________ Due: ________

---

## FOLLOW-UP PLAN

### Next Steps
1. **Today:** ________________________________
2. **This Week:** ________________________________
3. **Next 2 Weeks:** ________________________________
4. **Next Meeting:** ________________________________ (Date: ________)

### Communication
- [ ] Send meeting summary to all attendees (Today)
- [ ] Create GitHub issues for all blockers (This week)
- [ ] Update ROADMAP.md based on feedback (This week)
- [ ] Assign owners to action items (This week)
- [ ] Schedule follow-up meeting (This week)
- [ ] Share progress update (Next 2 weeks)

---

## SENTIMENT ANALYSIS

**Overall team sentiment about HAI3:**

üòä Positive: ___ people
üòê Neutral: ___ people
üòü Concerned: ___ people

**Would recommend to colleague:**
- Definitely: ___
- Probably: ___
- Probably Not: ___
- Definitely Not: ___

**Confidence in roadmap:**
- High: ___
- Medium: ___
- Low: ___

---

## NOTES / OBSERVATIONS

### Unexpected Insights
-
-
-

### Surprising Feedback
-
-
-

### Quotable Moments
>

>

>

---

## MEETING WRAP-UP

**Time:** ___________ (Should be ~30-35 minutes)

**Goals Achieved:**
- [ ] Gathered practical feedback from 5 topics
- [ ] Identified top 3 blockers
- [ ] Selected 3 quick wins
- [ ] Adjusted roadmap priorities
- [ ] Listed documentation needs
- [ ] Clarified frontend/backend separation
- [ ] Every attendee contributed

**Next Meeting:** _______________ (2-4 weeks)

**Meeting Rating:**
‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê (Circle stars: 1=Poor, 5=Excellent)

---

**Note-taker signature:** _______________
**Date notes completed:** _______________
**Notes shared with team:** ‚úÖ Yes / ‚ùå Not yet
