# HAI3 Adopters Feedback Meeting - February 12, 2026

**Date:** February 12, 2026 ‚úÖ COMPLETED
**Duration:** ~30 minutes
**Purpose:** First adopters feedback session - gather real-world experience from teams using HAI3
**Outcome:** Comprehensive feedback collected, critical blockers identified, action items defined

---

## üìÇ Meeting Documents

This folder contains the complete analysis of the first HAI3 adopters feedback session:

| Document | Purpose | Start Here? |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| **EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md** | TL;DR - Key findings, top priorities, immediate actions | ‚≠ê YES |
| **MEETING_ANALYSIS.md** | Complete transcript analysis with all details | For full context |
| **ACTION_ITEMS_AND_DECISIONS.md** | What needs to be done, by whom, by when | Track progress |
| **FEEDBACK_BY_TOPIC.md** | Feedback organized by HAI3 feature areas | Feature-specific |
| **GITHUB_ISSUES_TO_CREATE.md** | 15 ready-to-create GitHub issues with full context | Create issues |
| **NARRATOR_SCRIPT.md** | Original meeting agenda and script | Pre-meeting |
| **MEETING_NOTES_TEMPLATE.md** | Template used for structuring feedback | Reference |
| **[Transcript].vtt** | Original meeting transcript (1863 lines) | Source material |

---

## Quick Links

### üìÑ Start Here: [EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md](follow-up/EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md)
5-minute read with key findings, top priorities, and immediate actions.

### üìã Full Analysis: [MEETING_ANALYSIS.md](follow-up/MEETING_ANALYSIS.md)
Complete transcript analysis with all feedback, quotes, and context.

### ‚úÖ Action Items: [ACTION_ITEMS_AND_DECISIONS.md](follow-up/ACTION_ITEMS_AND_DECISIONS.md)
All decisions, action items with owners, blockers, and success metrics.

### üéØ By Topic: [FEEDBACK_BY_TOPIC.md](follow-up/FEEDBACK_BY_TOPIC.md)
Feedback organized by feature area (Architecture, Screens, DevEx, Events, UI).

### üêõ GitHub Issues: [GITHUB_ISSUES_TO_CREATE.md](follow-up/GITHUB_ISSUES_TO_CREATE.md)
15 structured issues ready to create (6 P0, 6 P1, 2 P2, 1 Process).

---

## Meeting Overview

**Participants:**
- Leonid Romanov (Facilitator, Analytics)
- Roman Shumsky (Analytics - v0.2 Alpha)
- David Alcala (Analytics)
- Marta Sampedro Bernal (Analytics)
- Guillermo Gil (CyberApp Chat - OpenSpec)
- German Bartenev (Core team - dropped early)
- Pavel Kozemirov (Moderator)

**Key Numbers:**
- **40%** - Initial AI success rate (target: 70%+)
- **70%** - HAI3 roadmap completion status
- **2** - Production projects using HAI3
- **15** - GitHub issues identified
- **30min** - Meeting duration

---

## üéØ Meeting Goals (ACHIEVED)

1. ‚úÖ **Gather Real-World Feedback:** Analytics and CyberApp teams shared experiences
2. ‚úÖ **Identify Blockers:** 4 P0 critical blockers identified
3. ‚úÖ **Prioritize Roadmap:** Stability, docs, and success rate improvements prioritized
4. ‚úÖ **Quick Wins:** 4 quick wins identified (1-2 week delivery)
5. ‚úÖ **Documentation Needs:** Critical gaps documented (screen sets, migration, architecture)

---

## Key Findings

### ‚úÖ What's Working
1. **Internationalization** - Universally praised, works perfectly
2. **Validation tooling** - Ensures architectural compliance
3. **Core concept** - Teams believe in the vision
4. **Proof of concept** - Both projects work in production

### ‚ùå Critical Blockers (P0)
1. **Chaotic Development** - Daily breaking changes, no stable roadmap
2. **Low Success Rate** - Only 40% of AI-generated code works initially
3. **Documentation Gaps** - Unclear when/how to use features
4. **Context Overload** - Too many rules confuse AI

### üéØ Top 3 Priorities
1. **Stabilize Roadmap** - Publish milestones, freeze breaking changes (2-4 weeks)
2. **Critical Documentation** - Screen sets guide, migration guide, architecture docs
3. **Improve Success Rate** - Audit rules, fix API restrictions, simplify context

---

## What Happens Next

### This Week
- [x] Meeting summary shared (Leonid) ‚úÖ
- [ ] GitHub issues created (Core team)
- [ ] Roadmap published with milestones (Core team)
- [ ] Stability commitment communicated (Core team)

### Next 2 Weeks
- [ ] Screen sets usage guide written
- [ ] Demo code separated from production patterns
- [ ] Rule audit for over-restriction begun
- [ ] Breaking changes frozen (2-4 week minimum)

### Next Month
- [ ] Master class led by adopters (Roman/Guillermo)
- [ ] API layer flexibility improvements
- [ ] ESLint improvements (i18n detection)
- [ ] Follow-up meeting (2-4 weeks from Feb 12)

---

## Document Guide

### For Core Team
1. Read [EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md](follow-up/EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md) for overview
2. Create issues from [GITHUB_ISSUES_TO_CREATE.md](follow-up/GITHUB_ISSUES_TO_CREATE.md)
3. Assign owners from [ACTION_ITEMS_AND_DECISIONS.md](follow-up/ACTION_ITEMS_AND_DECISIONS.md)
4. Reference [FEEDBACK_BY_TOPIC.md](follow-up/FEEDBACK_BY_TOPIC.md) for feature work

### For Management
1. Read [EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md](follow-up/EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md) (5 minutes)
2. Note "Key Numbers" and "Top 3 Priorities"
3. Review "Success Metrics" to track progress

### For Adopters
1. Confirm feedback in [FEEDBACK_BY_TOPIC.md](follow-up/FEEDBACK_BY_TOPIC.md)
2. Track action items in [ACTION_ITEMS_AND_DECISIONS.md](follow-up/ACTION_ITEMS_AND_DECISIONS.md)
3. Prepare for follow-up meeting in 2-4 weeks

---

## üìã Pre-Meeting Materials (Historical)

### For Meeting Organizer:

- [ ] Set meeting date/time and send calendar invites
- [ ] Share **AGENDA.md** with all attendees (1 week before)
- [ ] Share **PRE_MEETING_PREP.md** with all attendees (1 week before)
- [ ] Share **FEEDBACK_TEMPLATE.md** with all developers (1 week before)
- [ ] Assign speakers to topics:
  - [ ] Speaker 1: Architecture & Packages
  - [ ] Speaker 2: Screen Development Workflow
  - [ ] Speaker 3: Developer Experience & Tooling
  - [ ] Speaker 4: Event-Driven Architecture
  - [ ] Speaker 5: Styling & Components
- [ ] Designate note-taker
- [ ] Prepare screen sharing (slides)
- [ ] Test meeting room/video conferencing setup
- [ ] Create shared document for parking lot items
- [ ] Prepare timer (visible to all speakers)

### For Facilitator:

- [ ] Review **NARRATOR_SCRIPT.md** (day before)
- [ ] Review **SLIDES.md** and speaker notes (day before)
- [ ] Prepare notes template for capturing feedback
- [ ] Review **ISSUES_TEMPLATE.md** for post-meeting work
- [ ] Have GitHub open for real-time issue creation (optional)

### For All Attendees:

- [ ] Read **AGENDA.md**
- [ ] Complete **PRE_MEETING_PREP.md** exercises
- [ ] Fill out **FEEDBACK_TEMPLATE.md** (optional but encouraged)
- [ ] Prepare specific examples (code snippets, error messages, commands)
- [ ] Test audio/video setup

### For Speakers:

- [ ] Complete all **PRE_MEETING_PREP.md** exercises
- [ ] Prepare 3-5 concrete examples for your topic
- [ ] Practice staying within 5-minute limit
- [ ] Review the 4 standard questions you'll answer
- [ ] Have code snippets/screenshots ready to share

---

## üöÄ Running the Meeting

### Timeline Overview:

```
00:00 - 00:03  Opening & Context
00:03 - 00:08  Speaker 1: Architecture
00:08 - 00:13  Speaker 2: Screens
00:13 - 00:18  Speaker 3: DevEx
00:18 - 00:23  Speaker 4: Events
00:23 - 00:28  Speaker 5: UI
00:28 - 00:33  Group Discussion
00:33 - 00:35  Quick Wins & Priorities
00:35 - 00:30  Wrap-up & Next Steps
```

### Facilitator Resources:

- **Primary:** **NARRATOR_SCRIPT.md** (complete facilitation guide)
- **Visuals:** **SLIDES.md** (16 slides with speaker notes)
- **Backup:** **AGENDA.md** (if you lose your place)

---

## üìù Post-Meeting Actions

### Immediate (Same Day):

- [ ] Consolidate all notes into single document
- [ ] Share meeting summary with all attendees
- [ ] Create parking lot document for unresolved topics
- [ ] Send thank-you message to participants

### Within 1 Week:

- [ ] Create GitHub issues using **ISSUES_TEMPLATE.md**
- [ ] Label and prioritize all issues
- [ ] Assign owners to action items
- [ ] Update roadmap based on priorities
- [ ] Create documentation plan for gaps identified
- [ ] Schedule follow-up meeting (2-4 weeks out)

### Within 2 Weeks:

- [ ] Begin work on "quick wins"
- [ ] Start writing missing documentation
- [ ] Address critical blockers
- [ ] Send progress update to team

---

## üìä Expected Outcomes

By the end of this meeting, you should have:

1. ‚úÖ **Top 3 Blockers** - Documented with concrete examples and GitHub issues
2. ‚úÖ **Quick Wins List** - 2-3 improvements for next sprint with owners assigned
3. ‚úÖ **Roadmap Adjustments** - Re-prioritized feature list (V#2-V#10)
4. ‚úÖ **Documentation Needs** - List of critical missing docs with priorities
5. ‚úÖ **Action Items** - Every issue has an owner and timeline
6. ‚úÖ **Follow-up Plan** - Next meeting scheduled with clear agenda

---

## üé§ Speaker Assignments

Edit this section before the meeting:

| Speaker | Topic                          | Name   | Contact |
|---------|--------------------------------|--------|---------|
| 1       | Architecture & Packages        | [Name] | [Email] |
| 2       | Screen Development Workflow    | [Name] | [Email] |
| 3       | Developer Experience & Tooling | [Name] | [Email] |
| 4       | Event-Driven Architecture      | [Name] | [Email] |
| 5       | Styling & Components           | [Name] | [Email] |

**Facilitator:** [Name] ([Email])
**Note-taker:** [Name] ([Email])
**Meeting Organizer:** [Name] ([Email])

---

## üîó Related Resources

- [HAI3 README](../../../README.md)
- [HAI3 ROADMAP](../../ROADMAP.md)
- [HAI3 MANIFEST](../../MANIFEST.md)
- [HAI3 GUIDELINES](../../../.ai/GUIDELINES.md)
- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/HAI3org/HAI3/issues)
- [GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/HAI3org/HAI3/projects)

---

## üìû Contact

For questions about the meeting format or materials, contact:

**Meeting Organizer:** [Name]
**Email:** [Email]
**Slack:** [Channel]

---

## üìÑ License

These meeting materials are part of the HAI3 project and are available under the [Apache License 2.0](../../../LICENSE).

---

**Last Updated:** 2026-02-12
**Version:** 1.0
**Status:** Ready for use
